0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
        A lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust


1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
        It is used to examine the resource usage of a process.


2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
        16


3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re 
not changing their contents?
        Passing it by reference makes it possible to calculate the time without copying the variable, which would make the proccess
        lasting a little longer in time. In fact, the function 'calculate' only cares about two members of the whole 16 that are in 
        a variable of type struct rusage.


4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, 
convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
        The for loop iterates each character at a time, through all the file. For each character it checks if it is a letter or 
        apostrophe and adds it to the 'word' array until it finds the word's end - i.e. until the next character found is no letter 
        or apostrophe. In that case it adds a '\0' to the end of the array, updates the word counter and checks if the word is
        misspelled or not. It also ignores words with numbers and words bigger than 45 characters.


5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string 
like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
        The fscanf function with  format string like "%s" would read every character until it finds a space. That would include
        commas, digits, etc... With fgetc we can discriminate all we want and all we perceive as words.


6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
        In this case there is no way for the function to change the parameters.